Add web-infra onboarding docs (#17)
nodejs/web-team: onboarding/web-infra.md

> # Web Infrastructure Onboarding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# @nodejs/web-infra Onboarding
```

> This document is an outline of the tasks necessary to onboard a new member of the Web Infrastructure team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document is an outline of the tasks necessary to onboard a new member of the Web Infrastructure team (@nodejs/web-infra).
```

> Please note these tasks should only be performed after the person's nomination has passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note these tasks should only be performed after an individual's nomination has passed.
```

Let's use "an" instead of "the".

## Tasks

Tasks prefixed by `Member:` are for the new member to complete.

> Tasks prefixed by `Web Admin:` are for a member of `@nodejs/web-admins` to complete.

Reviewer: I feel like we can just say "A web admin should ...", "The onboardee should ...". in each task

> - [ ] Web Admin: Create an issue in [nodejs/web-team](https://github.com/nodejs/web-team) specifically for onboarding the member and include this list in it.

Author: Honestly think this might be better as an issue template and this doc just links to it, wdyt?

Reviewer: I think the Member can do this in their "Add xyz to the list of MEMBERS" PR, and the team will check off each task before merging?

  - Please link any additional issues or PRs relating to the member's onboarding to this issue for record keeping.

> - [ ] Web Admin: Recommend member have some form of physical 2FA (i.e. Yubikey) or passkey enabled on their GitHub account, and that any SSH or GPG key attached to their GitHub account have passphrases.

Reviewer: The Node.js Organization requires 2FA, so this isn't something we need to explicitly say.

Reviewer 2: We _do_ need to state this -- the org requires 2FA, this is a recommendation specifically to use a physical factor, which AIUI is not enforced at the org level.

> - [ ] Web Admin: Recommend member sign their Git commits if not already doing so.

Reviewer: I feel like the "Web Admin: Recommend" aren't really needed, and should be put as a separate section "# Recommendations for New Members" of this file?

- [ ] Web Admin: Add member to the [@nodejs/web-infra](https://github.com/orgs/nodejs/teams/web-infra) team.
- [ ] Member: Add yourself to the [membership list document](https://github.com/nodejs/web-team/blob/main/MEMBERS.md#nodejs-web-infra-team-nodejsweb-infra).
- [ ] Member: Open an issue in [nodejs/admin](https://github.com/nodejs/admin) requesting access to the Web Infra 1Password vault.

> - [ ] Web Admin: Invite member to Node.js' Sentry account.
>   - [ ] Member: Enable physical or passkey 2FA on their Sentry account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Web Admin: Invite member to Node.js' Sentry account.
  - [ ] Member: Enable physical or passkey 2FA on their Sentry account.
- [ ] Web Admin: Invite member to Node.js' Vercel account.
  - [ ] Member: Enable physical or passkey 2FA on their Vercel account.
```

> Note there isn't currently a set level of access that Web Infra members has to some resources such as Cloudflare.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There currently is not a set level of access that @nodejs/web-infra members have on Cloudflare.

Should you need additional access, it may be granted, however, access is not given by default.
```

To start the nomination process, see [GOVERNANCE.md](../GOVERNANCE.md).

## Tasks

- [ ] Add the **Nominee** to the @nodejs/web-infra team on GitHub.
- [ ] The nominee should open an issue in [nodejs/admin](https://github.com/nodejs/admin) requesting access to the Web Infra 1Password vault.
- [ ] Grant the **Nominee** access to Sentry.
  - [ ] The **Nominee** should enable physical or passkey 2FA on their Sentry account.
- [ ] Grant the **Nominee** access to Vercel.
  - [ ] The nominee should enable physical or passkey 2FA on their Vercel account.
- [ ] The **Nominee** should add their email to the following aliases (by opening a PR in [nodejs/email](https://github.com/nodejs/email))
	- [ ] [`nodejs-crowdin`](https://github.com/nodejs/email/blob/main/iojs.org/aliases.json#L174)
	- [ ] [`nodejs-vercel`](https://github.com/nodejs/email/blob/main/iojs.org/aliases.json#L241)
- [ ] An OpenJS Slack Admin should add their Slack account to the `nodejs-website-team` team.

### Recommendations

- [ ] The **Nominee** should have some form of physical 2FA (i.e. Yubikey) or passkey enabled on their GitHub account.

> - [ ] The **Nominee** should have a SSH or GPG key attached to their GitHub account have passphrases or be stored on a physical 2FA device.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] The **Nominee** should have any SSH or GPG key attached to their GitHub account have passphrases or be stored on a physical 2FA device.
```

To start the nomination process, see [GOVERNANCE.md](../GOVERNANCE.md).

## Tasks

- [ ] The nominee should open a pull request in [nodejs/web-team](https://github.com/nodejs/web-team) adding themselves to the [MEMBERS.md](https://github.com/nodejs/web-team/blob/main/MEMBERS.md#nodejs-web-infra-team-nodejsweb-infra) document.
  - [ ] Nominee should include this list in the pull request's body to keep track of what has been completed for their onboarding. The pull request should not be merged until the onboarding tasks have been completed.
  - [ ] Please link any additional issues or pull requests back to this one for record keeping purposes.
- [ ] A Web Admin should add the nominee to the [@nodejs/web-infra](https://github.com/orgs/nodejs/teams/web-infra) team.
- [ ] The nominee should open an issue in [nodejs/admin](https://github.com/nodejs/admin) requesting access to the Web Infra 1Password vault.
- [ ] A Web Admin should invite the nominee to Node.js' Sentry account.
  - [ ] The nominee should enable physical or passkey 2FA on their Sentry account.
- [ ] A Web Admin should invite the nominee to Node.js' Vercel account.

>   - [ ] The nominee should enable physical or passkey 2FA on their Vercel account.

Author: For resources we manage I'd like to enforce 2FA as much as possible
